July 29, 2003           Gnatsweb 4.00

This is the final release of Gnatsweb 4.00.  This release has its
roots in Gnatsweb 2.x, but has been almost completely rewritten to
support GNATS 4.0.  Visually, it is similar to the later Gnatsweb 2.x
releases, but almost everything has changed under the hood.  We do not
list all the changes from 2.x here -- suffice it to say that virtually
every feature of GNATS 4.0 is supported.  For reference as to what
changed during the 4.0 beta series, we include the contents of the
former BETA file below.

The most inportant changes from beta 4:
- The value of the Submitter-Id field is now made persistent by using
the value for this field that is stored in the global cookie when
setting up the Create PR page.
- Fixed a bug where Audit-Trail entries were being added even though
no audited fields had changed.  This had to do with whitespace being
added to certain fields on edits.
- mailto:-URLs should work a tad better in the Opera web
browser/e-mail client.


November 23, 2002           Gnatsweb 3.99.4 (4.0 beta 4)

Almost a year since the last beta.  We are still waiting for GNATS 4.0
to be released before we release the final Gnatsweb 4.  This beta is
deemed to be of release quality.  It is intended to go with GNATS 4.0
beta 2 and will not work properly with older GNATS 4 versions.

It is likely to be very similar to the one we eventually release with
GNATS 4.0.

Major externally visible changes:
- We now use exact matching when queries are made on enum or multienum
fields.
- X-GNATS-Notify is gone from Gnatsweb since it is not supported by
gnatsd.
- It is now possible to specify which columns to sort by in the Query
and Advanced Query pages.  It is also possible to specify reverse sort
order both on the query pages and after results are displayed.
- Both query pages have been tidied up a bit.
- The `Category' field in the Create page is now set to `unknown' by
default, in order to force users to select something meaningful.
- When entries are removed from administrative files, such as the
responsible file, Gnatsweb handles this by displaying `unknown' if it
finds a field value that is no longer valid.  Gnatsweb now displays an
error if a changed PR is submitted with the Responsible, Category or
Submitter-Id set to `unknown'.
- We support the recently introduced GNATS dbconfig setting
"inital-entry require" which specifies that a certain field must be
nonempty on PR submission.  Such fields are now by default marked with
the field title in red.  A config variable is provided to set the
marking color.


December 12, 2001           Gnatsweb 3.99.3 (4.0 beta 3)

This is the third beta of Gnatsweb 4.  Lots of changes and updates.  A
major new feature: MultiEnum support, has been added.  Best Gnatsweb
ever.


October 17, 2001           Gnatsweb 3.99.2 (4.0 beta 2)

This is the second beta of Gnatsweb 4.  Some bugs undoubtedly remain,
but this is in general a solid and usable release.

This version has one major limitation -- it does not support GNATS 4
MultiEnum fields.  This should not be a serious problem for most
sites, since no fields in the default GNATS 4 configuration are of
this type.  Support for MultiEnum fields is coming in the next beta.

